
1. Show Linked incident together in Table as a Parent and child format - DONE
2. Consider Doctor current time zone in PDF report - DONE
3. Some Small UI Improvement - DONE
4. SafalReviews KT with Hemant and Harsh - DONE
5. Change Log API + UI - In Progress

Bugs
1. SIRM-WEB-0019: Patient name persistence - DONE
2. SIRM-WEB-0021: Create incident - "Catheter Insertion Date" - DONE
3. SIRM-WEB-0020: Time slots in schedule - DONE
4. SIRM-WEB-0018: Incident Id in notification - DONE

5. PDF small style changes


Migrate 'Hament Company' Dev Account to 'SafalVir Inc' Dev Account
This account are connected to all our Dev Applications.

Name - SafalVir Inc
Organization Id - hemantcompanywzg6lw
Email - safalvir@yopmail.com
Password - Abcd@1234


---
## Incident is a collection of drainage records of a Patient  
name, description, Patient Link, start date time, end date time, drainage type and location  
Notification trigger condition, drainage taking time config/reminder  
Doctors and Nurse can be assigned to this Incident.  
Incident must be unique (drainage type and location)  
Org admin can Enable/Disable Incident  
  
**Example** :  
“John - Car Crash Incident” assign to Doctor - Dr. Paul, Dr. Lane  
and Nurse Emily Carter, Sarah Thompson, Jessica Reynolds, Ashley Morgan, Lauren Bennett  
ROLE | Access  
Doctor and Nurse can create  
Only Assign Doctor and Nurse can view and update this  
Patient can only view  
Only Assign Doctor and Nurse get the Notifications of this Incident  
  
Drainage taking time config/reminderDoctor and Nurse can config to when and how many times a day Patient taking there Drainage, and if they miss a time then after a buffer Nurse get the Notification.  
  
Config is , take Drainage everyday at 9AM, 2PM, 8PM  
Example 01 - if Patient miss 9AM Drainage then Nurse get Notification at 10AM (1h buffer)  
Incident start/end date time  
drainage record can be created between start and end date.  
Notification (LOW | MID | HIGH)  
Doctor and Nurse can add trigger condition.  
Example 1 - If the pain level exceeds 7, then Nurse get the Notification ( MID ).  
Example 2 - If the color is ‘red | black | dark red’, then Nurse get the Notification ( LOW ).  
Example 3 - Between X,Y date-time, if Example 1/2 happen, then Nurse get the Notification ( MID ).  
Example 4 - If the pain level exceeds 9, then Nurse get the Notification ( HIGH ).  
  
Full Example  
Incident “Car Crash”  
Start - 01/01/2025  
End - 28/02/2025  
  
Notification Trigger  
If pain level is exceeds 8 between 01/01/2025 - 20/01/2025, then Nurse get the Notification  
If pain level is exceeds 5 between 21/01/2025 - 10/02/2025, then Nurse get the Notification  
  
Report Download  
Doctor and Nurse can download a Incident report. (PDF format needed)  
Report is saved in S3 to later use.  
Display Previously Generated Incident report in a table.  
  
Each Role account level Notification can be configurable ?  
General - Email | Screen | Push | SMS  
Incident LOW - Email | Screen | Push | SMS  
Incident MID - Email | Screen | Push | SMS  
Incident High - Email | Screen | Push | SMS  
  
Field More or Less  
Doctor | Nurse can Customize the field.  
Can set default values, required or not. Hide/unhide  
Can be between date-time condition applied here.  
Example 01 - Collection Cup image is required if Patient Age below 40  
Example 02 - Color Select is not required between 01/01/2025 - 15/01/2025  
  
Nurse can set default value to color, but at the time of creation of the record editor can change the value.
  
Add drainage record UI changes  
Tab - General | Image | Optional Field | Comments  
General tab content all required fields  
Image tab content all image fields  
Optional Field tab content all default/optional fields  
Comments Tab content chat like UI for Comments (can’t delete/editable) (Not Realtime)  


---
### Testing Account For **SafalIRDrainMate**
```
Application - safalirdrainmatedevj38scz
Application Password - j84w7xbq
CompanyId - hemantcompanywzg6lw
```

**ROLE Organization**
```
LifelineSpecialtyHospital@yopmail.com
Slug - lifelinesp-c0piah
MongoId - 6888b758ab0baf27cbca2f8d
```

**ROLE Doctor**
```
Dr. Emily Carter  
EmilyCarter@yopmail.com 
slug - dremily-48u2j1  
mongo id - 6888b80eab0baf27cbca2f94
---
RomenPaul@yopmail.com
drromen-rwnlee
---
drjonsony4i09z@yopmail.com  
drjonson-y4i09z

Dr. John White  
DrJohnWhite@yopmail.com  
slug - dremily-48u2j1  
mongo id - 6888b80eab0baf27cbca2f94
```

**ROLE Nurse**
```
Dr. Emily Carter
JasonMiller@yopmail.com  
slug - jason-ckx7gp  
mongo id - 6888b889ab0baf27cbca2f9b

Ramu ChaCha
	RamuChaCha@yopmail.com
```

**ROLE Patient**
```
Abhiseck Dec
AbhiPac1@yopmail.com  
slug - abhiseck-02hvpd  
mongo id - 6888b995ab0baf27cbca2fa1
---
peeter-fhf2i7  
peeter001@yopmail.com
---
codyuu32kv@yopmail.com
```
  ---
  

> [!Time] 
> Login - 2:00 PM
> Break - 8:30 PM - 9:30 PM
> Logout - 11:00 PM
