
03/09/2025

1. Click on the Today's drainage entries should redirect to the drainage tba with filter. - DONE
2. On profile buttons should be Update or Save. - DONE
3. For profile action there needs to be a change log recorded. - DONE
4. Downloaded report:  - DONE
  - The report should have downloaded or Generated text. 
  - Page number format should be 1 of 10 page. 
  - The download time should be of the users and not the UTC. 
  - Download of record should get recorded in the change logs, if done by nurse then all the related docs to that incident will be notified. 
  - The downloaded Report should show the images, they can take one page per image. As for large scale images they needs to scaled down. 
  - In the downloaded report, IDs and Barcode for drainages needs to be shown.  
1. "Change log" should be renamed to "Activity log".  - DONE
2. Need to add check to skip Drainage Type Notification if the values are not set or are zero.  
3. patient side remove Add linked incident option for closed incident. - DONE


SIRM-WEB-0042: Upgrades
1. Click on the profile pic in the top right corner should redirect to profile. - DONE
2. "How Many times a day" change text to "How Many times a day drainage needs to be" in schedule in incident. - DONE
3. "How Many times a day" position should be just below the start date in schedule in incident. - DONE
4. "When we notify you. (minutes)" should be after Select time in schedule in incident. - DONE
5. Message after incident creation "Incident record [[INCI_ID]] created." in toast- DONE
6. Message after drainage creation "Drainage record [[DRAIN_ID]] created." in toast - DONE
7. Notification needed for Incident getting created - in general tab of patient (email and text too). - DONE
8. Position of the bell icon and the profile pic needs to interchanged. - DONE


 **least priority**
 9. In a incident details view in responsive the Notifications and Field config's UI needs to be fixed to fit the size of the screen.  **least priority**
 10. The drainage amount graph should get enlarged to show all patients data. **least priority** 
 11. Health tips needs to be dynamic from Admin side - **least priority**. 
 12. Select time UI needs to be changed make it similar to a watch.**least priority** 
 13. Auto logout for accounts - timer can be set by admin. **least priority** 
 14. Intelligent parameters for marking the patient priority based on the parameters. **least priority**
 15. ENHANCEMENT - Based on the image of the fluid cup the Fluid amount entered and the fluid amount in the image should be compared and give a warning message. **least priority**
 


SafalReviews Ad Page Setup Config for Superuser - API - DONE
SafalReviews Ad Page Setup Config for Superuser - UI - In Progress

**SafalReviews**
- Ad Page Setup Config for Superuser - API+UI - 4h
- Ad page Detailed Config similar to SafalUtilities - API+UI - 4h
- Advertisement-list and Summary - API+UI - 4h
- Ad Display Based on Detailed Config on Explore | Latest Reviews | My Reviews | Profile - API+UI - 4h 
- Notification section - API+UI - 4h
- Delete account - API+UI - 1h
- Report section (Change log) - 3h (Can be increase by change log function not use globally)
- SafalVendor API changes - 2h

SafalReviews + SafalVendor integration takes total around 3 days minimum

---
Testing Account For **SafalFinance**
```txt
Organization
Imagine Together Initiative
abhiseck-iti@yopmail.com
Abcd@1234

```


---
### Testing Account For **SafalIRDrainMate**
```
Application - safalirdrainmatedevj38scz
Application Password - j84w7xbq
CompanyId - hemantcompanywzg6lw
```

**ROLE Organization**
```
LifelineSpecialtyHospital@yopmail.com
Slug - lifelinesp-c0piah
MongoId - 6888b758ab0baf27cbca2f8d
```

**ROLE Doctor**
```
Dr. Emily Carter  
EmilyCarter@yopmail.com 
slug - dremily-48u2j1  
mongo id - 6888b80eab0baf27cbca2f94
---
RomenPaul@yopmail.com
drromen-rwnlee
---
drjonsony4i09z@yopmail.com  
drjonson-y4i09z

Dr. John White  
DrJohnWhite@yopmail.com
slug - dremily-48u2j1
mongo id - 6888b80eab0baf27cbca2f94
```

**ROLE Nurse**
```
Dr. Emily Carter
JasonMiller@yopmail.com
slug - jason-ckx7gp
mongo id - 6888b889ab0baf27cbca2f9b

Ramu ChaCha
RamuChaCha@yopmail.com
```

**ROLE Patient**
```
Abhiseck Dec
AbhiPac1@yopmail.com
slug - abhiseck-02hvpd
mongo id - 6888b995ab0baf27cbca2fa1
---
peeter-fhf2i7
peeter001@yopmail.com
---
codyuu32kv@yopmail.com

ban-somr6i
benlane@yopmail.com
```
  ---
  

> [!Time] 
> Login - 2:00 PM
> Break - 8:00 PM - 9:00 PM
> Logout - 11:25 PM
