
10/09/2025

SafalIRDrainMate Payment Module
SafalIRDrainMate Payment Checkout
SafalIRDrainMate Payment Feature Link
Send a confirmation email on successful Contact us form submission. (SafalMybuy + SafalUtilities)
Send a thank you email when a user subscribes to the newsletter. (SafalMybuy + SafalUtilities)
newsletter unsubscribe api + email link system

SafalIRDrainMate Payment transaction history - TODO
SafalIRDrainMate Landing page Contect us page changes - TODO

Integrate SafalCalendar with SafalIRDrainMate...user should be able to see Drainage Activities on Calendar

Stripe Sync up with Database:  
1. Our SafalUtilities application's database needs to be synced up with Stripe. (For all applications)

### Scenario to ask:  
Example  
  1. Premium plan = 20 doc, 20 nurse, 100 patients  
  2. Basic plan = 12 docs, 12 nurse, 30 patients  
  *Scenario*  
    3. User plan Preminum: current usage: 18 doc, 15 nurse, 50 patient  
    4. User downgrades the plan to Basic.  
  *Questions*  
    5. What will happen in this scenarios to the exceeding number of doc, nurse, patient.  
      6. Won't be able to downgrade.   
      7. Give them message that they have to remove the excess doc, nurse, patients.  
      8. Admin can inactive them then only downgrade.  
      4.   
    9. What will happen after the current plan expires on the month end and the user has either removed the credit card or marked this as a fake transaction form bank side. (simply just stopped the payment that will be happening on stripe)  
      10. Notification for declined payment method to the admin.  
      11. Deadline of 6-7 days after that freeze the orgs, doc, nurse account, patients will be able to view their own added data but no edits / download to that data.  
      12. Contact to the support for unfreezing the account.  
    13. For above scenario after current plan ends. Will the free plan be auto selected OR the account freezes until the next payment is done.

### Upgrades  
Contact Us Form Improvements:  
  1. Add separate fields for First Name and Last Name in the contact us form.  
  2. Include a Country Code Select for the phone number field.

Sorting & Search Functionality:  
  1. Enable sorting by Name and Email in both the Contact us and Newsletter lists.  
  2. Search bar to search via keywords.

Email Notifications:  
  1. Send an confirmation email on successful Contact us form submission.  
  2. Send a thank you email when a user subscribes to the newsletter.

Unsubscribe Feature:  
  1. Add an unsubscribe link in all newsletter emails, redirecting users to a confirmation page.  
  2. Optionally allow users to manage their preferences (pause, change frequency, or resubscribe).

 **least priority**
 2. In a incident details view in responsive the Notifications and Field config's UI needs to be fixed to fit the size of the screen. **Least priority** (Harsh need to Give) - 2-3h
 3. Select time UI needs to be changed make it similar to a watch. **Least priority** 
 4. Intelligent parameters for marking the patient priority based on the parameters. **Least priority** (Need business logic)
 5. **ENHANCEMENT** - Based on the image of the fluid cup the Fluid amount entered and the fluid amount in the image should be compared and give a warning message. **Least priority** (Need business logic)
 6. Banner/Ad in health tips bottom section, control by org admin **Least priority** Idea
 




SafalReviews Ad Page Setup Config for Superuser - API - DONE
SafalReviews Ad Page Setup Config for Superuser - UI - In Progress

**SafalReviews**
- Ad Page Setup Config for Superuser - API+UI - 4h
- Ad page Detailed Config similar to SafalUtilities - API+UI - 4h
- Advertisement-list and Summary - API+UI - 4h
- Ad Display Based on Detailed Config on Explore | Latest Reviews | My Reviews | Profile - API+UI - 4h 
- Notification section - API+UI - 4h
- Delete account - API+UI - 1h
- Report section (Change log) - 3h (Can be increase by change log function not use globally)
- SafalVendor API changes - 2h

SafalReviews + SafalVendor integration takes total around 3 days minimum

---
Testing Account For **SafalFinance**
```txt
Organization
Imagine Together Initiative
abhiseck-iti@yopmail.com
Abcd@1234

```


---
### Testing Account For **SafalIRDrainMate**
```
Application - safalirdrainmatedevj38scz
Application Password - j84w7xbq
CompanyId - hemantcompanywzg6lw
```

**SafalIRDrainMate Payment Testing**
```
-----------------------
Evercare Medical Center
EvercareMedicalCenter@yopmail.com
evercareme-k5qh0t
68c13ce89093fd36927a41a0

Doctor
Robert Heskett - robert-qdyx3h
Rita Kelly - rita-82jbhv
Joseph Clower - joseph-350tiv
-----------------------
Lifeline Multispecialty Hospital
LifelineMultispecialtyHospital@yopmail.com
lifelinemu-90s2tr
68c16bcf9093fd36927a4710
-----------------------

Nova Health & Wellness Institute
NovaHealthWellnessInstitute@yopmail.com
novahealth-rtbk58

-----------------------
Serenity Care Hospital
SerenityCareHospital@yopmail.com
-----------------------
MedTrust Health Center
MedTrustHealthCenter@yopmail.com
-----------------------
Healing Hands Medical Institute
HealingHandsMedicalInstitute@yopmail.com
-----------------------
Guardian Health Hospital
GuardianHealthHospital@yopmail.com
-----------------------
TruHealth Wellness & Care
TruHealthWellnessCare@yopmail.com
-----------------------
Hopewell Medical Center
HopewellMedicalCenter@yopmail.com
-----------------------
SummitCare Hospital
SummitCareHospital@yopmail.com

```

**ROLE Organization**
```
LifelineSpecialtyHospital@yopmail.com
Slug - lifelinesp-c0piah
MongoId - 6888b758ab0baf27cbca2f8d
```

**ROLE Doctor**
```
Dr. Emily Carter  
EmilyCarter@yopmail.com 
slug - dremily-48u2j1  
mongo id - 6888b80eab0baf27cbca2f94
---
RomenPaul@yopmail.com
drromen-rwnlee
---
drjonsony4i09z@yopmail.com  
drjonson-y4i09z

Dr. John White  
DrJohnWhite@yopmail.com
slug - dremily-48u2j1
mongo id - 6888b80eab0baf27cbca2f94

Dr. Carly Nelson
CarlyTNelson@yopmail.com
```

**ROLE Nurse**
```
Dr. Emily Carter
JasonMiller@yopmail.com
slug - jason-ckx7gp
mongo id - 6888b889ab0baf27cbca2f9b

Ramu ChaCha
RamuChaCha@yopmail.com
```

**ROLE Patient**
```
Abhiseck Dec
AbhiPac1@yopmail.com
slug - abhiseck-02hvpd
mongo id - 6888b995ab0baf27cbca2fa1
---
peeter-fhf2i7
peeter001@yopmail.com
---
codyuu32kv@yopmail.com

ban-somr6i
benlane@yopmail.com
```
  ---
  

> [!Time] 
> Login - 2:00 PM
> Break - 9:00 PM - 9:50 PM
> Logout - 11:06 PM
