
22/09/2025

- Expense API changes to view shared item - DONE
- Create Frontend and Backend Template for reuse - DONE
- Add Permission to Expense Outlay (View, Read Only, Share) - DONE
- Update Permission to Expense Outlay (View, Read Only, Share) - DONE 
- Invite via Email Flow - DONE
	- Email user search API - DONE
	- Send Email Invite - DONE
	- List of all invite - DONE
	- Join via email invite - DONE

- Notification Duplication issue 


Also can invite user by direct enter there email id.
	1. Email user search API needed.
	2. If the person exists then can send the invite.
	3. Other person get Email/Notification that he get an invite.
	4. Can accept or reject by click on invite list
	5. Invite list can show in this same page


if i create some expense with a share outlay. then that outlay owner remove me from that outlay access, need to handle what happened to those expense which are already linked
ANS - is go to a readonly mode



SafalIRDrainMate Production TODO
1. AWS S3 bucket
2. Mongo DB Production
3. Separate Server for Frontend and Backend
4. SafalUtilities Standardized Payment and User need to Deployed on SafalUtilities Production
5. SafalUtilities Payment Stripe need to test in Stripe Live (Not in Test Mode)
6. Need to Review Email template content for any changes or correction.
7. Need to add Proper "Terms And Conditions" & "Privacy Policy" content
8. End to End testing in Final Production code.







Expense Outlay List Display in separate page
Expense Outlay Update and Delete
Share Expense Outlay by
1. Click on a Button and Generate an Invite code.
	1. Send the code to the other user.
	2. Other user go to this page and click on "Join Button" and inter the code. and join
	3. One Code can valid one time valid, expire when someone join.
2. Also can invite user by direct enter there email id.
	1. Email user search API needed.
	2. If the person exists then can send the invite.
	3. Other person get Email/Notification that he get an invite.
	4. Can accept or reject by click on invite list
	5. Invite list can show in this same page


API needed 
1. Expense Outlay Update and Delete API
2. Generate invite code API
3. Join Expense via Code API
4. Modify the current Expense Outlay List API so invited user also can view this.
5. User search by email API (Ask Rid)
6. Email/Notification when invite via email
7. Accept / reject API
8. Invite List API


SafalReview Ads - TODO NEXT
SafalMyBuy User Web
SafalUtilities Application Dynamic Menus

SafalReviews Notification Trigger - TODO
SafalUtilities Connect Message Notification Trigger - TODO

TODO Apps
SafalGiri  
SafalEvent 
SafalEvBuddy 

TODO
SafalMyBuy Share Expense Outlay
And Multiple People can CURD expense in Outlay

Stripe Sync up with Database:  
1. SafalUtilities application's database needs to be synced up with Stripe. (For all applications) - DONE
2. SafalMyBuy database sync with Stripe
3. SafalSubscriptions database sync with Stripe

 **least priority**
 4. Intelligent parameters for marking the patient priority based on the parameters. **Least priority** (Need business logic)
 5. **ENHANCEMENT** - Based on the image of the fluid cup the Fluid amount entered and the fluid amount in the image should be compared and give a warning message. **Least priority** (Need business logic)


SafalReviews Ad Page Setup Config for Superuser - API - DONE
SafalReviews Ad Page Setup Config for Superuser - UI - In Progress

**SafalReviews**
- Ad Page Setup Config for Superuser - API+UI - 4h
- Ad page Detailed Config similar to SafalUtilities - API+UI - 4h
- Advertisement-list and Summary - API+UI - 4h
- Ad Display Based on Detailed Config on Explore | Latest Reviews | My Reviews | Profile - API+UI - 4h 
- Notification section - API+UI - 4h
- SafalVendor API changes - 2h

SafalReviews + SafalVendor integration takes total around 3 days minimum

---
Testing Account For **SafalFinance**
```txt
Organization
Imagine Together Initiative
abhiseck-iti@yopmail.com
Abcd@1234

```


---
### Testing Account For **SafalIRDrainMate**
```
Application - safalirdrainmatedevj38scz
Application Password - j84w7xbq
CompanyId - hemantcompanywzg6lw
```

**SafalIRDrainMate Payment Testing**
```
-----------------------
Evercare Medical Center
EvercareMedicalCenter@yopmail.com
evercareme-k5qh0t
68c13ce89093fd36927a41a0

Doctor
Robert Heskett - robert-qdyx3h
Rita Kelly - rita-82jbhv
Joseph Clower - joseph-350tiv
-----------------------
Lifeline Multispecialty Hospital
LifelineMultispecialtyHospital@yopmail.com
lifelinemu-90s2tr
68c16bcf9093fd36927a4710
-----------------------

Nova Health & Wellness Institute
NovaHealthWellnessInstitute@yopmail.com
novahealth-rtbk58

-----------------------
Serenity Care Hospital
SerenityCareHospital@yopmail.com
serenityca-fbe3x9
68c2d5ba40090b4a485bc03b

Doctor
JosephineWard11@yopmail.com
drjosephin-pd2mt7
-----
JamesLister11@yopmail.com
drjames-r7nwtm
-----
JamesDanner11@yopmail.com
james-9rpb09
-----
ColtBolt11@yopmail.com
-----------------------
MedTrust Health Center
MedTrustHealthCenter@yopmail.com
medtrusthe-47o6fb
68c3e12053a11af023499fb4
---- Nurse
Duane Hamilton
Linda Gray
Glenda Crawford
Sandra Kuhn
Tracy Graham
Marion Elliott
Fernando Jones
Rose Garcia
Sylvia Fox
Rita Wallace
-----------------------
Healing Hands Medical Institute | Stripe Time Machine
HealingHandsMedicalInstitute@yopmail.com
-----------------------
Guardian Health Hospital | Account Frezz
GuardianHealthHospital@yopmail.com
68c806fb405d31c4384c6c7c
-----------------------
TruHealth Wellness & Care
TruHealthWellnessCare@yopmail.com
-----------------------
Hopewell Medical Center
HopewellMedicalCenter@yopmail.com
-----------------------
SummitCare Hospital
SummitCareHospital@yopmail.com

```

**ROLE Organization**
```
LifelineSpecialtyHospital@yopmail.com
Slug - lifelinesp-c0piah
MongoId - 6888b758ab0baf27cbca2f8d
```

**ROLE Doctor**
```
Dr. Emily Carter  
EmilyCarter@yopmail.com 
slug - dremily-48u2j1  
mongo id - 6888b80eab0baf27cbca2f94
---
RomenPaul@yopmail.com
drromen-rwnlee
---
drjonsony4i09z@yopmail.com  
drjonson-y4i09z

Dr. John White  
DrJohnWhite@yopmail.com
slug - dremily-48u2j1
mongo id - 6888b80eab0baf27cbca2f94

Dr. Carly Nelson
CarlyTNelson@yopmail.com
```

**ROLE Nurse**
```
Dr. Emily Carter
JasonMiller@yopmail.com
slug - jason-ckx7gp
mongo id - 6888b889ab0baf27cbca2f9b

Ramu ChaCha
RamuChaCha@yopmail.com
```

**ROLE Patient**
```
Abhiseck Dec
AbhiPac1@yopmail.com
slug - abhiseck-02hvpd
mongo id - 6888b995ab0baf27cbca2fa1
---
peeter-fhf2i7
peeter001@yopmail.com
---
codyuu32kv@yopmail.com

ban-somr6i
benlane@yopmail.com
```
  ---
  

> [!Time] 
> Login - 2:00 PM
> Break - 9:12 PM - 10:05 PM
> Logout -11:15 PM
