09/06/2025 Work

**SCAL-WEB-0048 - DONE**

**SCAL-WEB-0044 - DONE**

SCAL-WEB-0045 - DONE

**SCAL-WEB-0041 - DONE**

**SCAL-WEB-0030 - DONE**

**SCAL-WEB-0042 - DONE**

SCAL-WEB-0043 - DONE

SCAL-WEB-0046 - DONE

SCAL-WEB-0047 - DONE

**SCAL-WEB-0053 - DONE**

SCAL-WEB-0055 - DONE

SCAL-WEB-0054 - DONE

SCAL-WEB-0049 - DONE

**SCAL-WEB-0051 - DONE**

SCAL-WEB-0050 - DONE

Pagination and Search API added  
  

1. Need enlarged preview for item's expiry and warranty that are shown on the calendar view.
2. After the Invitee has scheduled One to One meet with Host and someone again tries to access the link, show them the meet description and show message that This link has already been used and the call has been already been scheduled.
3. Need Filter, sort and pagination for all the lists in SCAL.
4. Functionality flow so that Host can directly schedule meet with a particular Invitee. Then Invitee can Approve or Reject the meet scheduling invitation.
5. Need the "Type" column for Events screen that will show the type of event present in the list.
6. Event screen: Remove the "Clear Filter" icon and in the Filter reposition the "Reset" button to top right corner of the filter as "Clear filter".
7. When the ICS file is downloaded we need to show the Application name to which the event is connected to. (show it either in title or in the Description)
8. Future Enhancements:
    1. Archive section for the past meets that have already been conducted.
    2. AI Transcripts for the conducted meet.
9. Tip for Height for banner for the meeting.
10. SafalMyBuy manual item creation from SafalCalendar with Events and Events type.

  

  

  

> [!important] Login - 2:00 PM<br>Break - 8:30 PM - 9:25 PM
> 
> Logout - 1:50 AM