13/12/2024 Work

Family Spend Behavior Report API - DONE  
SafalMyBuy Landing page small change - DONE  
Scanning receipts - In Pregrass

Please add purchaseStore information on {{URL}}/report/family/:id API

Download Out App - Download Our App - Comm—

Login - 2:00 PM  
Break - 8:02 PM - 8:54 PM  
Logout - 11:26 PM

NEW  
Process of scanning receipts and uploading PDFs, i realize that developing a solution to extract data may take a considerable amount of time.

Uploading PDFs for data extraction might not be reliable if the PDF format changes. Even if the format remains the same, we could still face challenges in obtaining accurate data. While Python and AI are ideal tools for this type of task, I am not a Python or AI developer. I can try to work on this, but I am unsure how long it will take. We could also consider using a third-party service or hiring an AI/ML developer.

I am beginning to work on this using the two Apple receipts that Nithin sent me. However, I cannot provide a definite timeline for completion. Additionally, I’m uncertain about how much information I should extract from the PDFs.

Please consider this message as a precaution in case I continue and encounter any issues where I may need your support to complete.

OLD  
Process of scanning receipts and uploading PDFs, i realize that developing a solution to extract data may take a considerable amount of time.

Uploading PDFs to extract data may not be reliable if the PDF format changes. Even if the format remains the same, we might still encounter challenges in obtaining accurate data. While Python and AI are ideal for this type of task, I am not a Python or AI developer. I can attempt to work on this, but I am unsure how long it will take.

We could consider using a third-party service or a AI/ML developer.

i’m start working on this and use those 2 apple receipts that Nithin Send to me. i’m not able to give you any timeline of compleation and how much information should i extract from pdf.